The Implementation process:

Assumption
    1. Since we are Linking mobile phone number to NIN I assume a NIN records for all users that are expected to
    use the system exist. so I decide to create an API that gives users access to create an account with there
    NIN Number.

    2. Since users are goin to be charge for every successfull link of there phone to NIN, I also add a
    wallet to the users record and create an API endpoints to enable users top up(credit) there wallet balance.
    The user is expected to provide there NIN and amount to credit there wallet, after successfull deduction
    the transaction is then log as debit transaction

    3. This stage is where the phone linking process begins, users are expected to provide a valid NIN and
    phone number in other to request for a [Phone No. to NIN linking]. After providing the correct information, a verification
    code is forwarded as text message to the users provided phone number.
    The verification code has an expiry time of 10 minutes and is linked to the phone No. thats use to Make
    the request, the code is also hashed and save into the database.
    (Security: The code is hash before saving to the database for further security measures).

    I also provide an API endpoints to achieve this.

    4. In this stage, I provide an API endpoint for verifying the verification code. To achieve this, the user is expected to
    provide the phone number use in getting the verification code and the verification code as well.
    The code is then verified against the code and phone number stored in the database, the code expiry
    time is also checked to make sure is withing the time frame set.

    If all the verification process is passed, the user wallet is then checked to make sure the balance 
    is more than the deduction rate of N500, if this verification is passed, the user wallet is then deducted and
    the transaction is logged as a debit transaction.

    # External Service Used
    1. Voyage (Nexmo)
        Voyage trial version is use as mobile messaging channel to implement these project.
        Note: Voyage trial version can only send message to registered Phone No., so if theres need to test the mobile 
        messaging, you can provide a Phone No. for me to add to the trial account.

    # Technology Use
        1. RESTFULL API
            I use NodeJs/Express to build the API endpoints.
        2. Database Technology
            I use Postgress RDBMS to build the database
        3. Hashing Algorithm
            I use bcrypt to hash the verificiation code
        4. ORM Technology
            Sequelize
        5. Load Test Implementation
            loadtest node modules (https://www.npmjs.com/package/loadtest)
        6. API Testing and Documentation 
            (POSTMAN)
        